250901

the conclusion I had is that "manifesting" lays at the absolute opposite of "desiring". because of the nature of the latter, it's impossible to guide reality towards something that we're inherently wishing for, mainly because our intention will function as crucial and unavoidable interference towards the path we're trying to make explicit. Manifesting sounds to me more of "knowing something WILL happen, but it's unsure how or when". 

250404

spellare la stessa crosticina dalla stessa ferita
sino a notare che l'ultima crosta rimossa
riveli una cicatrice - non più sangue,
solo un marchio di un dolore passato
perdonato, ma non dimenticato


250326

the risk i see with cosplaying as emotionally resolved people is that affective issues tracing back to development age are intellectualized beyond recognition at an individual and collective scale

moreover without any critical empathy there's a marked risk to be come simply moralists, segregating "good" and "bad" without engaging in understanding either

(for fear?)

ultimately, any revolutionary idea or collective agreement that doesn't criticise its own status-quo, ends up as a status-quo needing to be dismantled

this risk to me is mainly evident in the commodification of queer culture, that has helped spread a diluted, sugarcoated view over queer struggles (and over the need to engage critically with the patriarchy)

the main example of this short-circuit are queer people who consider acceptable, if not auspicable, the presence of cops (fucking pigs) at the pride. marsha p. johnson would have probably thrown bricks at them too

this tells me that queer culture has been commodified for a long time (and in doing so, has become "toothless", deprived of its revolutionary momentum and turned into an aesthetic / consumerist façade, interested solely in advertising to a larger public - and merely as a side effect of that, applying political pressure to discussing certain issues, but by NO MEAN WHATSOEVER equating to a really free society)

in the process that sees queer culture being segregated from queer struggle. this separation is now evident in corporate culture phagocitating queer instances (eg. pride month), which would be impossible if the culture was critically aware of its intersectionality (queer liberation is infinitely more akin to anticapitalism, than it is to some fucking series on fucking netflix, che vadano affanculo)

the less the culture makes space for critical instances of the status quo, the more the status quo incorporates and manipulates narratives that are antithetical to itself (similarly to Fisher's performative anticapitalism?) making them in fact worthless

the moment some streaming company proposes a series on queer people in high school, for instance, is the moment queer people in high school lose power over narrating themselves. the more we delegate narrating queer instances to some fucking greasy multibillion corporation, the more the queer struggle sinks inside the consumerism machine and become indistinguishable from the annoying ass temu advertising.

one other problem is that younger people are exposed to progressively less and less critical media, and are fed content that they consume without in fact engaging with its symbols. discussions will focus on the form or curiosities over whoever directed it, but no other message than a moralizer one will come through. it's essentially media-tribalism, in which the stereotype of adversarial sides is repurposed (from football teams to religious terrorist groups, from the oscar gala to the latest podcast, creating division is one of the best way to keep people against each other) - and so moralizing becomes not only possible, but FASHIONABLE

moralizing the categories represented as "bad" reflects the way the language has shrunk. moral judgements come, subconsciously and not, faster than anything else: and so instead of reflecting on what feeds the patriarchy, a new piece of content might just simply say "patriarchy is bad" because is fashionable, but providing NO TOOLS to the CONSUMERS to critically engage with the concept and deconstruct it. 

this is why i believe that is incredibly more important to NOT CONSUME, than it is to endorse whatever team is pushed as "more radical". it's more important to not make currency circulate, than find alternative currencies. it's more important to criticise ANY STATUS QUO, rather than being in the winning side of it (regardless of whether it's deemed "good" or "bad" by whatever mass-agent).

i was born lucky enough. in an AMAB body, in the western world so called, in times of peace and relative abundance. I'd be a fucking dick if i wasted my life thinking to be the center of the world

if i don't use my life to ask WHY? any single time. everytime. for everything.
why? why? why? why?

if you don't reply i will literally set ablaze the object of my inquiry. so please reply. why is shit like this? you don't answer? fuck this shit then. i will never swallow a dogma, don't matter who splays it, fuck acritical shit

240908

forse finiremo a sintetizzare* i nostri stessi predatori apex, cosa che ci limiterà in numero e impatto

ma forse tali predatori non sono riscontrabili sulla terra. ciò significa che un reale ridimensionamento dell'idea coloniale estrattivista, quella in cui non soltanto gli umani ma anche tutta la biosfera e le forze climatiche e pre-antropiche sono di fatto conquistabili, o meglio sottomettibili, non sarà superata fino a che non incontreremo posizioni abitate e difese da qualcosa di terrificante.

*esempio wetware o robots con avversione agli umani -> diretti predatori
*Homo homine lupus or smt?


240907.a

apparently i can only relate to what i do the same way the production chain relates to me, the same way societal culture relates to subcultural masses or invididuals:

raw material -> object design (function + aesthetic) => profit margin (why is it convenient to make this object, what do i gain) -> injecting into a market, then the rest of the gross shit. manipulating the market, monopolising the whole chain up to that point and extending control over progressively earlier stages. the ultimate capitalist solace is of course controlling the extraction / synthesis of raw materials at a molecular level, a priori from any state control or uber-human power. if anything, capitalism virtually allows for progressive vertical extension of power, both at the bottom layers (raw materials or basic human resources, essentially slavery) and the top layers too (cultural manipulation as a culprit, but also the funny thought that if there were gods or deities ruling over us, capitalists would find ways to chain them in a mortal coil and exploit the shit out of them until they're a pile of fuming radioactive ashes).

like a cancer, capitalist culture is extending horizontally too, across the societal layers i see. this is why i fucking hate hanging out in places where people meet just to consume. like malls, or fucking bars and shit. 
              
              //i don't understand why i am not surrounded by a thick layer of vegetation, why i don't see groups of humans laying in the grass in the summer (WAIT A SECOND I LIVE AT THE NORTH POLE OR SMT)


but is it inescapable?

240907.b

i dont wanna relate to each other only in terms of reproductivity

(humans: gender differentiates from sex conceptually when sexuality becomes detachable from reproduction)

reproduction seems to be regulating human economies as well. this is perhaps why scientism triumphed over magic - not because of the sole mean of critical approaches to reality, but rather for the ambition of objectivity, the anti-human belief that a purer truth can be synthesised through human means. i think as a scientist, i work as a scientist, but i don't generally relate to the idea of objectivity. describing the universal matrix in intelligible terms (intelligible by who?) is not necessarily the point of anthropic interactions. 


// idk, i think since we collectively examined the idea that we were bound to just pop kids in or out of us and decided that was lowkey sus, and we conceived the idea of contraception to prevent that from happening lol, we have already insulted the christian-based naturalist idea of nature lmaoooooo

then we say "wait but then why do i have to dress in a certain way to testify my belonging to one of either categories of reproductive bodies?" and the answer is, we don't. that's why gender is kind of a fun environment to play around in, because it's the easiest way to piss people off. if ure lucky u get them to question themselves, but mostly you get these idiotic people just being terrified of not being normed.

i am also terrified of not being normed but i am not normed regardless, so i just end up not being
//

everywhere i look, what is asked of me in order for me to belong is: are you able to (re)produce your craft in order for us (all, virt.) to consume?

it's always a question, it's almost never shoved down my throat, but nonetheless it's already a relationship in which i feel alienated.
could it be other things? the same way as we relate to different species without tryint to necessarily harvest something from them. sometimes, we just throw some bread at the ducks (is it good btw? REMINDER google if bread for ducks is actually harmful like it swollens their stomaq or smt

sometimes we just walk over the fence where the horse is kept (captive? happy?) with a pinch of grass blades and we offer it to the horse.
other times it's the other way around. i have a bunch of memories of animals (Lucky, but also Aileen [damn i miss her a lot]) and idk maybe Merlin, i don't know him so well yet) that came to me and offered me their affection when i was straight up crying big time. i think the point of all these interactions was: i wanna try to make it better

or smt
idk

i would like it to not be a question. i don't go to the horse and expect to have a quantomechanic calculation by them hooves. 

this is no reference to me being the horse, the grass blades being art grants money and the hand that feeds the one of any institution globally that has some to spare. like come on either give me a UBI expect me to be pissed to having to even be in this metaphor.


240907.c
my idea of serenity is a warm day, a leafy tree and its shade underneath. 
i don't care if i'll be forgotten by humans (lmaoooooooo imagine spending a good 80% of your waking life trying to matter to strangers individuals of your own species?!)
i don't even necessarily care to be amusing to anyone/thing. i just wanna be a good sport. u know wham sayin?
                                                                                                              not enough

this concern stems from seeing people rushing around me, an ant colony of hard workers looking after every bread crumb. damn i just woke up here i didn't think it was gonna be THIS crowded.                                                                                                       maybe im a teeny weeny bit depresserino?

i do think otium is valid but it puts u in a whole mf slowmo relativistic speed to the other mfs around
like i be chillin but around me this like blurred trail of anthropic trajectories that go all over the place and i'm straight up tryna chill, 
and seems like my idea of chillin is a bit TOOOOOOOOO SLOOOOOW

240907.d

beside it i do am fr like absolutely sincerely honestly like ngl deadass on god fr fr THINKING (in a concerned way) about the reproductive aspects of our human work
and to each other
it's sad because if every relationship is oriented towarsd a funnel into a bottle neck, no matter how hard you try to pull out, u gonna get sucked in da drain
i'm trying to think of some examples BUT NO I WONT DO IT

this is exactly what i'm talking about. i do it automatically. i look for transparency, reproducibility. i have to take a breath and recall: i don't give a shit if no one understands this, it's not required that they do. it's required for me to express my temporary state on a keyboard, looking at the words i'm writing on the screen (having a dreadful constant background thought that i'm performing myself performing myself performing myself-) and trying to print out my current state with AS LITTLE judgement AS possible, on a textfile in a github repository ffs


240811.a

ho il bisogno proprio totale de imbasti una piccola navicella spaziale in gran segreto, carpendo qualche warp drive tecnologia o qualcosa del genere, e approcciare lo spazio profondo 
mettendo in discussione tutti i dogmi della fisica contemporanea ed esistere come navigatore spaziale praticamente voglio una fottuta navicella voglio una navicella voglio l'età 
dell'oro della navigazione spaziale

siamo intrappolati, noi siamo tipo la generaizone de quelli vissuti nel 1300

in pieno declino e collasso climatico (indotto nel nostro caso) ma ancora troppo prematuro per l'esplorazione degli oceani quindi siamo tipo piantati a cavallo tra invasioni e 
pestilenze ma il top verrà tra tipo uno o due secoli e noi saremo morti e stramorti a meno che non se ciocchi qualcosa tipo longevità ma senza la distopia blackmirrorica o 
alteredcarbonica del "ricco che takes over" senò ce giocamo tutta la parte bella de nazioni planetarie indipendenti che si disperdono per millenni nelle vastità galattiche prima di 
realizzare di essere tornatu full circle a ritrovare i confini degli altri pianeti, e scoprire che intanto l'evoluzione ha creato popolazioni leggermente diverse e culture e tecnologie 
completamente folli pazze tipo la magia ma interplanetaria e a quel punto può succedere di tutto ma hai capito insomma è un bel macello

240808.b 

tempo:
fogli di cartone da imballaggio liscio (min 2x1m^2) tipo tanti 
catene de ferro

la catena (lunga) attraversa tutti i fogli di cartone impilati verticalmente
in più punti
molteplici proprio tanti come una orrenda sutura tra N epiteli (N=n. fogli di cartone). il peso è ben distribuito quindi 
quando il tutto si assesta dovrebbe reggersi in piedi verticalmente. 
messa nelle intemperie, questa struttura assorbe rapidamente acqua e il peso della catena tra i buchi logora inevitabilmente 
le cavità che attravers

e decade nel tempo. altri materiali tipo legno magari hanno emivita più lunga 
il poter essere logorati è una caratteristica necessaria per esistere come creature temporali. il 
guardare alla fine della strada, sapendo che indeed c'è una strada senza uscita 
ma le forze in gioco sospendono le cose che sono (o anzi che stanno essendo)  


240808.a

come fai a dire la specie umana cioè è la specie che esiste adesso in molteplici località e modalità ma non può essere la stessa che è stata (
sa cose che prima non sapeva
)

quindi come si salva la specie umana se è molteplicità 

nel giuoco arrogante di creare / disfare

(emulare è creare?
                   ai può emulare?
                    what if in realtà dell'umano si salverà solo lq sua conoscenza o meglio
corporealtà collettiva 

e non tramite bioreplicazione 
ma tramite funzioni astratte e ri rappresentate
ri rappresentabili quindi quantizzabili fino a un certo punto in misura appropriata 
basandosi su archetipi di bias - ma bias è buon o cattiv

la gioiosa benevola rappresentazione
la traslazione, quantizzazione 
non data ma capta
                               (conta o no la nozione di artista che da vita a QUALCUN che non sia qualcosa... boh)


se è possibile isolare qualcosa interpretabile come "umanità" che non sia solo un insieme di corpi ma invece di volontà (agencies?), dove risiederebbe?
ingenuamente secondo me non c'è niente di male a voler lavorare al tornio l'argilla.
tornio = ingegneria / magia / metascienza
argilla = supposta sostanza definita come natura
e trovare forme, funzionalità, stati complessi e interdipendenti
ma che cos'è l'umanità nella natura, e come prende forma fuori dalla massa di budella raccolte e distribuite in 8 e più miliardi di pacchetti in giro per il globo terracqueo (cfr. mike bongiornk)

però c'è il dolore




240731.b

[0]      letter-centric
      1 word = 1 bar
      1 syllable = 1 beat; length = 1/n.letters; notes_in_beat = n.letters

[1]      syllable-centric
      1 word = 1 bar
      1 syllable = 1 note; length = n.letters.quantized
            n.letters:
                  • 0.125
                  • • 0.25
                  • • • 0.5
                  • • • • 0.75
                  • • • • • 1
                  n(•) = n * 0.125






240731.a

language
numerical (quantity) 
      -> pictographic (icon) 
            -> ideographic (symbol) -> logographic (morpheme)
                                          -> phonographic (just sounds)
                                                -> syllabaries
                                                -> abjads (consonants only)
                                                -> alphabets (all phonemes)
                                          -> phono-semantic hybrid writing (morphemes + meaning + sound)











240227.b

tornare dopo tempo immondo lontani

trovare me (una mezza cipolla nel frigo
seccata all'esterno

      bagna una lama con un poco d'acqua
      taglia via la parte mia ch'è seccata.

)

(soffritto)
                                                                  the onion in pain

but 
                                            verranno altre cipolle
                                            lasciate nel frigo a seccare



240227.a


                sempre troppo da leggere, poco da scrivere


lo schermo bianco è una merda ma si vede meglio dal sito
































_____________________test
